Increase language clarity in challenge "Basic Javascript: Iterate Through an Array with a For Loop" (#36081)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/02-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/basic-javascript/iterate-through-an-array-with-a-for-loop.english.md

}
```

> Remember that arrays have zero-based indexing, which means the last index of the array is <code>length - 1</code>. Our <dfn>condition</dfn> for this loop is <code>i < arr.length</code>, which stops when <code>i</code> is at <code>length - 1</code>.

Reviewer: @organicdude I think we can make this better by changing a bit more of the wording.  I will let some other mods add their comments before you make the commit though.  What do you think?
```suggestion
Remember that arrays have zero-based indexing, which means the last index of the array is <code>length - 1</code>. Our <dfn>condition</dfn> for this loop is <code>i < arr.length</code>, which stops the loop when <code>i</code> is equal to <code>length</code>.
```

Author: Sounds good - just please let me know if I've fallen asleep at the wheel and am not allowing a finished commit to go through.

Here's another way to phrase it - more noob friendly IMHO.
```suggestion
Remember that arrays first index is <code>0</code>, not <code>1</code>. That means that if <code>i</code> is your array's index, then the last the last defined index will be <code>length - 1</code>. That also means that your loop should stop running when <code>i > length - 1</code>.
```

Reviewer: We'll let you know.  @Manish-Giri @thecodingaviator @ojeytonwilliams @moT01 What do you think about my suggestion?

Reviewer 2: @RandellDawson How does this sound.
```suggestion
Remember that arrays have zero-based indexing, which means the last index of the array is <code>length - 1</code>. Our <dfn>condition</dfn> for this loop is <code>i < arr.length</code>, which stops the loop when <code>i</code> is equal to <code>length</code>, i.e. the last iteration is when <code>i</code> is equal to <code>length-1</code>.
```

Reviewer: @organicdude I am leaning toward's @thecodingaviator's version.  That being said, I think just adding on that last part of @thecodingaviator's suggestion makes the last sentence just too long.  I think the example part should be a separate sentence on its own.

Reviewer 2: @RandellDawson Feel free to edit my suggestion or make a new one in this thread to show us what you think. I'm not sure how we would go about splitting it

> Remember that arrays have zero-based indexing, which means the last index of the array is <code>length - 1</code>. Our <dfn>condition</dfn> for this loop is <code>i < arr.length</code>, which stops when <code>i</code> is at <code>length - 1</code>.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Remember that arrays have zero-based indexing, which means the last index of the array is <code>length - 1</code>. Our <dfn>condition</dfn> for this loop is <code>i < arr.length</code>, which stops the loop when <code>i</code> is equal to <code>length</code>.  In this case the last iteration has <code>i === 4</code> and outputs <code>6</code> to the console.
```
How about this way of splitting up @thecodingaviator's version?  I thought mentioning what the loop does in the final iteration might help clear up any lingering confusion about indices.
@organicdude Arrays are introduced as [being zero-based](https://learn.freecodecamp.org/javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/basic-javascript/access-array-data-with-indexes/) so I think it's fine to repeat that here.

Reviewer 2: Building on your suggestion, I came up with this:
```suggestion
Remember that arrays have zero-based indexing, which means the last index of the array is <code>length - 1</code>. Our <dfn>condition</dfn> for this loop is <code>i < arr.length</code>, which stops the loop when <code>i</code> is equal to <code>length</code>.  In this case the last iteration is <code>i === 4</code> i.e. when <code>i</code> becomes equal to <code>arr.length</code> and outputs <code>6</code> to the console.
```

> Remember that Arrays have zero-based numbering, which means the last index of the array is <code>length - 1</code>. Our <dfn>condition</dfn> for this loop is <code>i < arr.length</code>, which stops when <code> i </code> is at <code>length - 1</code>.

Reviewer: While we are fixing the wording for this challenge, let's change `numbering` to `indexing` and also remove the spaces inside the one code tag.
```suggestion
Remember that Arrays have zero-based indexing, which means the last index of the array is <code>length - 1</code>. Our <dfn>condition</dfn> for this loop is <code>i < arr.length</code>, which stops when <code>i</code> is at <code>length - 1</code>.
```

```

> </div>

Reviewer: @moT01 This extra line will need to be in there.  See my PR https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/pull/36278
```suggestion

```
